{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww8760\viewh11440\viewkind0
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \
Doomsday Engine 1.9.0-beta3\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\sa80\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 Native Mac OS X Build (10.3 and later)\

\f1\b0 by Jaakko Ker\'8anen <jaakko.keranen@iki.fi>\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\sb80\sa80\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\f0\b Introduction\

\f1\b0 This disk image contains a standalone native build of the Doomsday Engine, jDoom, jHeretic, and jHexen for Mac OS X. The Snowberry launcher is also included.\

\f0\b\fs26 NOTE:
\f1\b0  This is a beta release. Do not expect all things to work perfectly. General release notes available at:
\fs24 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\sb80\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f2\i \cf0     http://deng.sourceforge.net/releases/10900beta3.html\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\sb80\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f1\i0 \cf0 The latest version of the Doomsday Engine can be downloaded from:\
    
\f2\i http://sourceforge.net/projects/deng/
\f1\i0 \
On-line documentation:\
    
\f2\i http://deng.sourceforge.net/dew/Engine
\f0\i0\b \
\
Installation
\f1\b0 \
Drag the 
\f0\b Doomsday Engine
\f1\b0  application to your /Applications folder. 
\f0\b \

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Requirements
\f1\b0 \
At least one IWAD data file from the original Doom, Heretic, or Hexen. The shareware versions of Doom and Heretic and the 4-level demo version of Hexen are also supported.
\f0\b \
\
Starting the Game
\f1\b0 \
Open the 
\f0\b Doomsday Engine
\f1\b0  application. The Snowberry launcher window will appear. The first time you start the application, a setup wizard will guide you through setting up some game profiles for launching. \
Press the 
\f0\b Play
\f1\b0  button to launch the selected game, and wait for the game window to appear. \
Note that Doomsday's startup window may be opened behind Snowberry; this will change in future versions. To see the Doomsday startup messages, open console.log in 
\f0\b Console.app
\f1\b0  before launching the game. The startup messages will appear in console.log while Doomsday is being loaded.\
Your runtime files (savegames, screenshots) are stored into a folder called "~/Library/Application Support/Snowberry/runtime".\
\

\f0\b Known Issues\

\f1\b0 - The Snowberry setup wizard has a bug where the selected IWAD file name does not appear in the text field after being selected with the file browser dialog. This is only a visual problem. The IWAD is correctly saved to the profile.\
}